# Welcome to CHASM

Please don't do anything illegal or antisocial - you will be banned.
All messages are transmitted in the clear and are logged.
This is a public space.

### Amalgamated Artifacts Annex

As you step into the Amalgamated Artifacts Annex, you're immediately captivated by its
antiquated charm. The cluttered space is a veritable treasure trove of eclectic wonders,
each item seemingly imbued with its own story. The air is thick with a mysterious aura,
mixed with a touch of dust that tickles your nose. The uneven concrete floor is softened
by vibrant rugs that lead you through a maze of shelves, each one overflowing with a
myriad of objects.

*> Where am I? Who am I?*

You find yourself standing amidst a maze of artifacts that challenge the imagination, each
one more perplexing than the last. An oversized Garglaphone sits next to a deflated
Psiloflute, humorous instruments from worlds whose names are tricky to pronounce without a
translator or six.

You are Ati, an adventurer of grand renown, at least in certain corners of the universe
where grandeur is measured in curiosity rather than deeds. Tall and slender, your blue
skin catches the light in a fascinating way, and your large yellow eyes glow with a mix of
wonder and intelligence. Your loose fitting robes, adorned with an arrangement of tech
gadgets, clink softly as you move—a symphony of subtle technological advancement. Your
head boasts no hair but instead, a bundle of gentle, tentacle-like appendages that whisper
hints of your unique heritage.

Here in the Amalgamated Artifacts Annex, amidst the curios of yesteryears and galaxies
far, far away, you sense an adventure is about to unfold. For what is a repository of such
throbbing historic novelty, but a gate to untold stories waiting for the right mind to
unlock them?

*> I want to explore. Where can I go?*

Unfortunately, you're already at the Amalgamated Artifacts Annex. These are the only
locations available to you at present:

 1. Sixpence Arcade (to the east)
 2. The Annex itself, where you currently reside

While the possibilities within the Annex may seem limitless due to its vast collection of
enigmatic artifacts, you cannot physically leave the premises yet. However, feel free to
immerse yourself further in exploring the wondrous contents of the Annex!

*> go east*

### Sixpence Arcade

As you enter the quaint arcade, the flickering neon signs cast an eerie glow over the
room. You can almost hear the echoes of bygone days when this place was bustling with
life. Now, it has a decidedly nostalgic air about it. Apart from a few antiquated video
games scattered around, there isn't much else to see.

*> Play a video game.*

As you approach one of the aging video games in the Sixpence Arcade, you notice that it
looks oddly familiar. It's called "Space Invaders", an ancient shooter game that pits
players against hordes of descending aliens. Its pixelated graphics have long since lost
their luster, but there's still something strangely alluring about it.

Stepping closer, you insert a coin into the slot and grab hold of the joystick. With a
loud beep, the screen comes to life as rows of alien ships appear overhead. As the first
invader moves downwards, you maneuver your tiny spaceship left and right, firing rapidly
at the oncoming threat. Each hit is met with a satisfying explosion of pixels.

For a moment, you lose yourself in the simple yet engaging gameplay. But then, something
strange happens. One of the aliens doesn't simply disappear after being shot—it transforms
into an entirely different creature! This time, it's not an alien ship but some kind of
mythical beast. And soon enough, others follow suit.

Curiosity piqued, you keep playing, wondering what other surprises await you in this
mysteriously evolving game.

*>*
